feat(curriculum): add sensor burst analyzer workshop (#68312)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-sensor-burst-analyzer/6a3d3754ee18fefa2ee9188a.md

---
id: 6a3d3754ee18fefa2ee9188a
title: Step 3
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

> In prior lessons, you learned about the spread operator (`...`), introduced in ES6, it provides concise way to create shallow copies of arrays. Here's an example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In prior lessons, you learned about the spread operator (`...`), it provides a concise way to create shallow copies of arrays. Here's an example: 
```
